docs(nuxt): Manual setup for beta (#11614)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-primer/javascript.nuxt.mdx

<Alert level="warning">

>   This SDK is **in an beta state**. It may experience breaking changes. Please reach out on

Reviewer: beta technically means, we don't break APIs any more. 

```suggestion
  This SDK is **in an beta state**. It may still experience changes in behavior. Please reach out on
```
